{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238 Cascadia Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cascadia Mono;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32 0.1.0\line\b0\fs16 2023-08-19\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 New Controls\b0 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj `StswCalendar`\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}`StswColorBox`\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}`StswColorPicker`\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}`StswColorSelector`\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}`StswComponentButton`\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}`StswComponentCheck`\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}`StswComponentPanel`\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}`StswComponentRebutton`\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}`StswContentDialog`\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}`StswDropButton`\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}`StswExpander`\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}`StswGroupBox`\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}`StswListBox`\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}`StswLogPanel`\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}`StswNotifyIcon`\par
{\pntext\f0 16.\tab}`StswRadioBox`\par
{\pntext\f0 17.\tab}`StswRatingControl`\par
{\pntext\f0 18.\tab}`StswScrollBar`\par
{\pntext\f0 19.\tab}`StswScrollViewer`\par
{\pntext\f0 20.\tab}`StswSelectionBox`\par
{\pntext\f0 21.\tab}`StswSplitButton`\par
{\pntext\f0 22.\tab}`StswTabControl`\par
{\pntext\f0 23.\tab}`StswTabItem`\par
{\pntext\f0 24.\tab}`StswText`\par
{\pntext\f0 25.\tab}`StswTextEditor`\par
{\pntext\f0 26.\tab}`StswTruncateLabel`\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b New Converters\b0 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj `StswEnumToListConverter`, `StswModuloConverter`.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}\b Split from StswColorConverter\b0 : `StswColorAlphaConverter`, `StswColorGeneratorConverter`, `StswColorSaturationConverter`.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b New Extensions\b0 : `PadLeft`, `PadRight`, `FromAhsl`, `FromHsl`, `ToHsl`, `FromAhsv`, `FromHsv`, `ToHsv`, `ToColor`, `ToDrawingColor`, `ToMediaColor`, `ToHtml`, `Clone`.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b New Functions\b0 : `CalculateString`, `FindVisualAncestor`, `GetParent`.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b New Item Classes\b0 : `StswCollectionItem` (with properties `ItemState` and `ShowDetails`), `StswLogItem`.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b New icons\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b New Class\b0 : `StswApp`.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b New Command\b0 : `StswCommand`, capable of passing parameters.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b Updated Controls\b0 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b StswNumericBox\b0 : New `Format` property.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}\b StswIcon and StswHeader\b0 : Added `Stroke` and `StrokeThickness` properties.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}\b StswNavigation\b0 : New `ItemsWidth` property for consistent item panel width.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}\b StswComboBox\b0 : Added placeholder functionality for the text box.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}\b New Event for Main Property Change\b0 : Some controls now invoke an event when their main property changes.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}\b StswDataGrid\b0 : Now shows different button colors in special columns when `ItemState` is not `Unchanged`.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}\b StswNavigationElement\b0 : Inherits `GroupName` from StswNavigation for better grouping.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}\b StswDatePicker and StswColorBox\b0 : Added function button with Press click mode.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 Improved GUI Scaling\b0 : Now using `ScaleTransform` on `StswWindow` instead of applying `StswMultiplyConverter` on font sizes within control styles.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b Dynamic Resource Management\b0 : All Stsw controls now utilize dynamic resources for brush management, replacing previous style properties.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}\b Control Modifications\b0 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b StswCheckBox\b0 : Smaller icon.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}`StswCalendarPicker` renamed to `StswDatePicker`.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}`StswTextBox`, `StswNumericBox`, `StswDateBox` no longer have a clear button, and `StswPasswordBox` has no show password button.\par
{\pntext\f0 4.\tab}Removed `SubTexts` property from `StswHeader`; similar effects can be achieved using child controls as content.\par
{\pntext\f0 5.\tab}`StswNavigationElement` combines button and expander functionalities, renamed from `StswNavigationButton`.\par
{\pntext\f0 6.\tab}\b StswComboBox and StswComboView\b0 : Can open in read-only mode without changing selection.\par
{\pntext\f0 7.\tab}\b StswLoadingCircle\b0 : Changes opacity instead of fill color when disabled, similar to `StswIcon` and `StswImage`.\par
{\pntext\f0 8.\tab}\b StswImage\b0 : Updated method for pasting images from the clipboard.\par
{\pntext\f0 9.\tab}\b StswFilter\b0 : Reworked; filter handling moved to `StswDataGrid`.\par
{\pntext\f0 10.\tab}\b StswSeparator\b0 : Updated `BorderThickness` logic and new disabled appearance.\par
{\pntext\f0 11.\tab}\b StswNumericBox and StswDatePicker\b0 : Refresh `Value`/`SelectedDate` before incrementing.\par
{\pntext\f0 12.\tab}\b StswPasswordBox, StswWindow title bar, and StswCollection\b0 : Functional improvements.\par
{\pntext\f0 13.\tab}\b StswTextBox\b0 : Refreshes after Enter, resolving issues with `StswFilter`.\par
{\pntext\f0 14.\tab}Stsw control styles moved to resource dictionaries.\par
{\pntext\f0 15.\tab}`CornerRadius` adjusted from 9 to 10 for all controls, and `StswDataGrid` header cell border thickness changed from 0.5 to 1.\par
{\pntext\f0 16.\tab}`ClippingBorder` renamed to `StswClippingBorder`; now used as the main border for controls with `CornerRadius`.\par
{\pntext\f0 17.\tab}`OutlinedTextBlock` renamed to `StswOutlinedText`.\par
{\pntext\f0 18.\tab}Some controls now show checked state while disabled.\par
{\pntext\f0 19.\tab}The `Buttons` property for Stsw box controls has been renamed to `Components`. This property now exclusively accepts controls that implement the `IStswComponent` interface. Additionally, components will remain enabled even when the control is in read-only mode.\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b Helpers Modifications\b0 :\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj Converter instances now created once, improving performance.\par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}`StswSimpleModel` reverted to `StswComboBoxModel`.\par
{\pntext\f0 3.\tab}\b StswExport\b0 : Now exports only properties marked with the export attribute.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\fs20\lang21 Corrected decimal separator handling in converters.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Improved content clipping for buttons using grids within templates.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed fullscreen mode behavior for \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswWindow\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 .\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Resolved menu option issue for setting default window size.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Various fixes for \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswCalendar\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 , including handling weeks starting on days other than Monday and displaying the last selectable day (9999-12-31).\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed issues with \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswDataGrid\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21\rquote s special column.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Resolved button border color inconsistencies.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Addressed display issues in \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswDatePicker\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  and \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswNumericBox\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  after binding failures.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Fixed \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 Minimum\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  and \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 Maximum\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  properties in \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswDatePicker\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  and \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 StswNumericBox\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  for pre-assignment validation.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Adjusted \f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21 IconScale\f0\lang1045 `\f1\lang21  property behavior across multiple controls.\par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Numerous smaller bug fixes.\par
}
 