{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset238 Cascadia Mono;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Cascadia Mono;}{\f2\fnil Arial;}{\f3\fnil Cascadia Mono;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32 0.7.1\line\b0\fs16 2024-04-29\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Stsw collection items no longer set "DisplayMemberPath" if items source type is assignable to \b StswComboItem \b0 but item template is not null.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b\f0\lang1045 StswMessageDialog \b0 has properly stretched text box.\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.7.0\line\b0\fs16 2024-04-28\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 New controls: \b StswChartColumns\b0 , \b StswGrid \b0 (auto column and row definitions), \b StswSpinner \b0 (replaces StswLoadingCircle and allows to choose different animations).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswScrollViewer \b0 has some new functions. First is new property "AutoScroll" that allows to automatically scroll content to bottom if scroll was at bottom and new items were added. Second is possibility to prepare a command that will trigger when scroll move to bottom that can be used for example to make infinite scroll for data grid starting with small number of rows.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNotifyIcon \b0 has new static method to display system notifications.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}StswToolTip has new property named "IsMoveable" that allows it to move together with mouse cursor.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New converter: \b StswColorAdvancedConverter \b0 that merges 3 other converters for alpha, brightness and saturation of color.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New function: \b GenerateColor \b0 (allows to generate color from any text).\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswScrollViewer\b0 's and \b StswPopup\b0 's config in other controls can be controlled by attached properties now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswComboBox \b0 uses VirtualizingStackPanel now and also can contain filter inside popup when "IsFilterEnabled" property is set to true.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswMessageDialog \b0 template has been improved. One new message type has been added named "Blockade". Message type "Question" has slightly different color now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropArrow \b0 is no longer hidden from designer and has additional properties similar to \b StswIcon\b0 . Property "IsDropDownOpen" renamed into "IsExpanded".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton \b0 and \b StswSplitButton \b0 both have new property named "AutoClose" that allows to close popup after clicking any button inside.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswFilePicker \b0 has new property named "IsFileSizeVisible" that allows it to display file size.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw chart controls have been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswHyperlinkButton \b0 has been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl \b0 has been improved and now supports key shortcuts.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid\b0 's special column template has been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw collection controls no longer need to have specified "DisplayMemberPath" and "SelectedValuePath" properties as long as ItemsSource uses \b StswComboItem \b0 as its item class.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSidePanel\b0 's property "ExpandMode" has been divided into two properties: "IsAlwaysVisible" and "IsCollapsed".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNotifyIcon \b0 has new property "IsAlwaysVisible" that allows to keep icon even if window is not hidden.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswImage \b0 uses \b StswBorder \b0 so it can be clipped now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw subcontrols inside box controls can be now docked to any side, not only to right.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw box controls have default vertical alignment "Top" instead of "Stretch". \b StswGroupBox \b0 has default vertical alignment "Stretch" instead of "Top".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswApp \b0 has overridable method named "OnThemeChanged" to simplify a little setting custom theme brushes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Attached properties named "IsBorderless" and "IsArrowless" have been moved to \b StswControl \b0 class.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dark theme is a little lighter again. Brush colors for Stsw navigation controls have been a little desaturated.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Settings like \b interface size\b0 , \b language\b0 , \b theme\b0  will be remembered by library.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl \b0 properly supports directions other than "Right".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswInfoPanel \b0 has pixel scroll unit virtualization by default now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b RadioConverter \b0 renamed into \b StswRadioConverter\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Extensions \b PadLeft \b0 and \b PadRight \b0 work properly now.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.6.2\line\b0\fs16 2024-03-14\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 ConvertTo\b0  extension now will work with nullable enums.\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.6.1\line\b0\fs16 2024-03-05\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 New hidden sub control: \b StswSubError \b0 (used in box controls to show validation errors).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New base class: \b StswBoxBase \b0 (for box controls).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New converter: \b StswRadioConverter \b0 (for RadioBox based controls).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extension: \b RemoveBy \b0 (to remove multiple items from IList).\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 IStswBoxControl \b0 interface has been extended. All box controls have 2 new properties: "Errors", "HasError", and 1 less property: "IsErrorVisible".\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswBindingList \b0 can be sorted now (for example in \b StswDataGrid \b0 when clicked on column).\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.6.0\line\b0\fs16 2024-03-02\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Stsw check controls have read only mode controlled by "IsReadOnly" property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New interface: \b IStswScrollableControl\b0 . Other Stsw interfaces are extended too.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New property for \b StswApp \b0 named "AllowMultipleInstances". If it is set to false then any additional instance of application is automatically closed allowing only one instance to be runned at the same time.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New converter: \b StswIsTypeConverter\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New markup extensions: \b NewExtension \b0 and \b NameOfExtension\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extensions: \b Copy \b0 and \b IsListType\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New functions: \b ShiftIndexBy \b0 and \b GetProcessUser\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New attached property "StswBorder.IsBorderless" that allows to set border thickness and corner radius to 0 for any control that implements \b IStswCornerControl \b0 interface.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 All Stsw controls have set "SnapsToDevicePixels" to false by default.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that contain \b StswPopup \b0 have new property "Popup" of new \b StswPopupModel \b0 type allowing to style its background, border and padding.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that contain \b StswScrollViewer \b0 have new property "ScrollViewer" of new \b StswScrollViewerModel \b0 type allowing to style its scroll bars.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw box controls have improved validation error style that turns borders red and shows additional sub control. Its visibility can be managed by "IsErrorVisible" property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTimedSwitch \b0 can be set to infinite time (without reverting content to its base form).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswToggleSwitch \b0 has been remade.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid \b0 can detect \b IStswSelectionItem \b0 interface on its "ItemsSource" property - it is similar functionality to other Stsw collection controls and allows to bind multiple selected items.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDirectionViewer \b0 have only two button border properties instead of four: "BBtnThickness" (up or left) and "FBtnThickness" (down or right).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw commands are improved. Additionally "IsWorking" property has been renamed into "IsBusy" to match \b StswHeader\b0 's "IsBusy" property name. Async commands also have new "IsReausable" property that allows to run command multiple times.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A few changes in theme brush key names and template styles (for Stsw check controls).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A few changes in template part names.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswChartPie \b0 is full by default - it just looks better than a version with hole in center.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl\b0 's "CanReset" property has been renamed into "IsResetEnabled". There is also one new property named "ItemsNumberVisibility" that allows to display order number below each icon.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Dark theme has been modified to have darker colored parts. Pink theme has been remade.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw internal sub controls are disabled for editor browsing.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 All Stsw controls have corrected "Focusable" and "IsTabStop" values.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1045 All Stsw controls that were using \b StswScrollViewer \b0 have properly visible horizontal scroll bar - before it was never showing up, for example in \b StswDataGrid\b0 .\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1045 All Stsw collection controls have better logic for detecting if its items source implements \b IStswSelectionItem \b0 interface.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1045 All Stsw box controls no longer updates binding property on Enter key if "AcceptsReturn" property is set to true.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b\f0\lang1045 StswSubDrop \b0 has improved template to properly detect if it has content. \b StswHeader \b0 has "IsHighlighted" property so \b StswSubRadio \b0 has fixed checked style.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b\f0\lang1045 StswNotifyIcon \b0 can show in tray only if it is enabled.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b\f0\lang1045 StswWindow \b0 now can pass "Components" to its title bar.\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.5.0\line\b0\fs16 2024-01-22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 There is new category for Stsw controls named "File" that includes 1 new control: \b StswFilePicker \b0 used to select either file or directory path.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New controls: \b StswHyperlinkButton\b0 , \b StswShiftButton\b0 , \b StswTimedSwitch\b0 , \b StswDataPager\b0 , \b StswTimePicker\b0 , \b StswFilePicker\b0 , \b StswMediaPlayer\b0 , \b StswMenuItem\b0 , \b StswInfoBadge\b0 , \b StswInfoBar\b0 , \b StswWindowBar\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New control style: \b StswContextMenu\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New interface: \b IStswBoxControl\b0 . \b IStswComponentControl \b0 renamed into \b IStswSubControl\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New converter: \b StswListFromRangeConverter\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extensions: \b ToImageSource\b0 , \b GetNextValue \b0 (instead of \b GetNextEnumValue \b0 function).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New functions: \b SplitStringByLines\b0 , \b RemoveFromParent\b0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 External library called "NewtonsoftJson" is no longer used.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNavigation \b0 and \b StswNavigationElement \b0 have been reworked.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSidePanel \b0 can be set to be always visible.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}"Components" controls category renamed into "Subs" controls. All component controls changed prefix to "Sub". All properties for components renamed into "SubControls".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswShifter \b0 renamed into \b StswDirectionViewer\b0 . \b StswLogPanel \b0 renamed into \b StswInfoPanel\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswHeader \b0 and all sub controls now has property "IsContentVisible" instead of "ContentVisibility".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Part of \b StswWindow\b0 's functionality moved to new control \b StswWindowBar\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A few changes in Stsw enums.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}A few changes in theme brush key names.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswMailboxModel \b0 implements INotifyPropertyChanged now.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Bugfix translation for \b StswColorBox\b0 's tab headers.\f1\lang21\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\f0\lang1045 Going into fullscreen mode should properly activate and focus window.\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.4.3\line\b0\fs16 2023-12-27\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswExport\b0  is improved - now numeric and date values should be properly displayed and formatted in cells.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.4.2\line\b0\fs16 2023-12-14\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswCalendar \b0 no longer allows to select date that is not between minimum and maximum range. "Today" button becomes disabled when current date is not in minimum and maximum range.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.4.1\line\b0\fs16 2023-12-13\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswFilterBox \b0 have "FilterMenuMode" property for filter mode button. \b StswFilterMode \b0 enum no longer have "None" value.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 0.4.0\line\b0\fs16 2023-12-13\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 There is new category for Stsw controls named "Charts" that includes 2 new controls: \b StswChartLegend \b0 and \b StswChartPie \b0 used to present analytics data and statistics.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New component controls: \b StswComponentDrop \b0 (almost the same functionality as \b StswDropButton\b0 ), \b StswComponentHeader \b0 (almost the same functionality as \b StswHeader\b0 ).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New controls: \b StswProgressRing \b0 (almost the same functionality as \b StswProgressBar\b0 ), \b StswToolTip \b0 (just a tooltip with layout scaling and with style that fits other Stsw controls).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extension to clone binding and new extension for getting attribute of T type from enum.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswClippingBorder \b0 has been renamed into \b StswBorder \b0 and no longer clips its child by default. \b StswFilter \b0 has been renamed into \b StswFilterBox\b0 . \b IStswComponent \b0 has been renamed into \b IStswComponentControl\b0 . \b IStswSelection \b0 has been renamed into \b IStswSelectionItem\b0 . Added 3 new control interfaces: \b IStswCornerControl\b0 , \b IStswDropControl \b0 and \b IStswIconControl\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that have \b StswBorder \b0 inside their template implement \b IStswCornerControl \b0 interface that allows them to use two properties: "CornerClipping" and "CornerRadius". Latter is used to set radius of border's corners, former is used to clip all elements inside border that stick out of border when border has corner radius greater than 0.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that had arrow icon in their templates are now using separated internal control named \b StswDropArrow\b0 . Those controls no longer have "ArrowVisibility" property - instead arrow's visibility can be changed through dynamic visibility with key: "StswDropArrow.Visibility".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw component controls changes their opacity on IsMouseOver and IsPressed instead of changing foreground brush. Additionally they have new properties for icon: "IconFill", "IconStroke" and "IconStrokeThickness".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that have "MaxDropDownHeight" property, have its default value equal to \f2\u8531?\f0  of primary screen's height.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed the way scale worked for icons and images:\line\b Before: \b0\i null \i0 fits content, \i auto \i0 fits whole space, \i star \i0 do nothing, \i value \i0 multiply by 12 pixels.\line\b After: \b0\i null \i0 is not possible, \i auto \i0 fits content, \i star \i0 fits whole space, \i value \i0 multiply by 12 pixels.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changed the way some text modes worked for progress controls:\line\b Before: \b0\i value \i0 shows current value based on minimum and maximum.\line\b After: \b0\i value \i0 shows exact value from property, \i progress \i0 shows what \i value \i0 was showing before.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswLogPanel \b0 derives from ListBox class now (simply to enable virtualization) and its templates have been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswComponentPanel \b0 has been reworked and renamed into \b StswComponentSelector\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTruncateLabel \b0 has been renamed into \b StswLabel \b0 and no longer truncates content by default.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswPager \b0 has been renamed into \b StswGallery\b0  and its goal now is presenting images. Also uses \b StswZoomPanel \b0 inside its template and can properly slide images with arrow keys.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl \b0 instead of "Orientation" property with 2 options, has new "Direction" property that allows for all 4 direction modes for selecting value. Additionally it implements \b IStswIconControl \b0 interface now so its icon properties have "Icon" word prefix now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton\b0  and \b StswSplitButton \b0 controls are derived from HeaderedItemsControl class now so they can use advanced header properties.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswToggleButton\b0 's "Icon" property has been removed and some properties have been renamed: "CheckedGlyphBrush" into "GlyphBrushChecked" and "UncheckedGlyphBrush" into "GlyphBrushUnchecked".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswColorPicker\b0 's and \b StswColorSelector\b0 's templates have been improved a little, no longer have outer border and additionally can have stretched content.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswGroupBox\b0 's and \b StswEpander\b0 's templates have been simplified.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswPopup\b0 's border thickness, corner radius and padding are now controlled by dynamic resource values.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswShifter \b0 has 4 new properties for border thickness, one for each of its buttons.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswAdaptiveBox \b0 can now pass "Components" and "IsThreeState" property values to box that is in use at the moment.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswFilterBox\b0 's "FilterSqlColumn" property has been renamed into "FilterValuePath".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls no longer use "RecognizesAccessKey" property in their templates and no longer use "ComponentAlignment" and "PopupThickness" properties at all.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Some changes in usage of theme brushes in Stsw controls - for example \b StswDropButton \b0 uses "StswButton.Pressed.Background" as its background brush when drop-down is open instead of "StswDropButton.Checked.Background".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswLog\b0 's import is improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDatabase \b0 renamed to \b StswDatabases\b0 . Some methods are renamed and the way of importing and exporting "Port" is improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Automatic language can be removed from confgiuration dialog now.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswToggleSwitch \b0 no longer have different size when is checked at start.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswListBox\b0 , \b StswListView \b0 and \b StswTreeView \b0 will properly determine if they are using ItemsSource of \b IStswSelectionItem \b0 type.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSelectionBox\b0 's list box do not content scroll by default to elimiate bug with last empty item.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswColorBox\b0 , \b StswDatePicker\b0  and \b StswNumericBox \b0 no longer update their main property twice in certain situations.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswProgressBar\b0 's background and border can be changed in custom state mode.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTabControl \b0 properly shows border when last tab is selected.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswImage\b0 's, \b StswFilterBox\b0 's and \b StswWindow\b0 's context menus are scaling with interface size from configuration dialog now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bugfix for double date selections in \b StswCalendar \b0 when starting date had specified time.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bugfix for \b StswBindingList \b0 if list has been reseted.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bugfix for \b StswDataGrid\b0 's special column dynamic brushes for Dark and Pink themes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw button controls no longer have additional grid in their template to fix clipping border since there exists "CornerClipping" property now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswContentDialog \b0 will no longer throw exception if someone will try to close it multiple times in a moment.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.3.2\line\b0\fs16 2023-10-26\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswCollection \b0 remade into \b StswBindingList \b0 - it derives from BindingList now and is behaving better when any property inside list has been modified.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b IStswCollectionItem\b0 's "ItemState" property is now of type "StswItemState" (new enum) instead of "DataRowState".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswEnumToListConverter \b0 returns list of \b StswSelectionItem \b0 type instead of \b StswComboItem \b0 - it should fix \b StswFilter \b0 if it has result of this converter as ItemsSource.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ToStswCollection \b0 extension method renamed into \b ToStswBindingList\b0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 ConvertTo \b0 extension method can properly convert to enum type.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswFilter \b0 properly calculates SQL string when its ItemsSource contains enum values.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.3.1\line\b0\fs16 2023-10-24\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswDataGrid\b0 's special column has proper margins again.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.3.0\line\b0\fs16 2023-10-23\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 New translator mechanism with two builded languages: \b en\b0  and \b pl\b0 , with possibility to auto select one of them based on system language.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New controls: \b StswAdaptiveBox\b0 , \b StswConfig\b0  (internal), \b StswTreeView\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extension method: \b IsNumericType\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New methods: \b\f3\fs19 IsValidEmail\b0\f0 , \b\f3 IsValidPhoneNumber\b0\f0 , \b\f3 IsValidUrl\b0\f0 , \b\f3 MoveToRecycleBin\b0\f0 , \b\f3 SerializeToJson\b0\f0 , \b\f3 DeserializeFromJson\b0\f0\fs20 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswResources \b0 have new event named "ThemeChanged" so it is now possible to make or change resources based on theme.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswCalendar \b0 had mini-rework that should simplify its code with template and overall make it works better. \b StswCalendar \b0 also has new button to select today's date.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton\b0 , \b StswSplitButton\b0 , \b StswComboBox\b0 , \b StswSelectionBox\b0  and all component buttons\b  \b0 have simplified template. \b StswDataGrid \b0 is finally using its own template. \b StswDropButton \b0 and \b StswSplitButton \b0 are derived from ItemsControl class.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}"IsTabStop" property is set to false in propably all places in Stsw controls where it is needed.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswClippingBorder \b0 has new property "DoClipping" that tells if should clip child's radius and rect.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNumericBox \b0 uses a decimal typed "Value" property instead of double typed "Value" property - it should fix the problem with odd numbers and precision.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTextEditor \b0 has a little improved template and code behind.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswContentDialog \b0 uses "Background" property instead of "OverlayBackground" and its background have more opacity.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswMessageDialog \b0 now have colored border and header's background based on its image. \b StswMessageDialog \b0 also has new Image type: \b Debug\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswLogPanel \b0 has been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow \b0 no longer has option in menu to center window on screen. This option is now merged with option to set window size to default.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Pink \b0 theme changes font family and font size and \b Dark \b0 theme is a little lighter now (inverted color from \b Light \b0 theme and added 10% missing brightness excluding colored brushes). Every theme has changes for colored brushes (\b StswMessageDialog\b0 , \b StswLogPanel\b0 , \b StswProgessBar\b0 ).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswApp \b0 is hidden from EditorBrowsable and no longer have "OpenHelp" method.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Input controls and \b StswProgressBar \b0 are now stretched by default instead of topped.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All placeholders in Stsw controls are \b StswText \b0 control now instead of TextBlock. \b StswFilter \b0 uses \b StswAdaptiveBox \b0 in its template now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswComponentRebutton \b0 has been renamed into \b StswComponentRepeater\b0 . \b IStswSelectionItem \b0 has been renamed to \b IStswSelection\b0 . \b IStswCollectionItem \b0 has property renamed from "ErrorMessage" to "ItemMessage". "PopupBorderThickness" property has been renamed to "PopupThickness" in all Stsw controls that use it.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}"MaxDropDownHeight" property's default value increased from 120 to 140 in all Stsw controls that use it.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Debug messages (\b StswMessageDialog\b0 , \b StswLogPanel\b0 ) has different icon with original one removed completely. \b StswDataGrid\b0 's items with filled "ItemMessage" property will show information icon in its special column.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Changes in \b StswSecurity\b0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswPopup \b0 properly binds DataContext now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswToggleSwitch \b0 is properly colored now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswHeader \b0 uses \b StswClippingBorder \b0 without clipping now so it should fix some problems like cut off month names in \b StswCalendar\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Bugfix for binding to \b StswDatabaseModel\b0 's properties.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswExportParameters\b0 's "ExcludeNonAttributes" property renamed to "IncludeNonAttributed".\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.2.1\line\b0\fs16 2023-10-02\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Changed named of extension from \b ToObjectList \b0 to \b MapTo\b0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Extension named \b MapTo \b0 properly maps DataTable's columns to generic type properties.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid \b0 is no longer overriding "\f3 FrozenColumnCount\f0 " property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton \b0 properly binds its separator's brush.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.2.0\line\b0\fs16 2023-10-01\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 New controls: \b StswToggleSwitch\b0 , \b StswListView\b0 , \b StswContentDialog \b0 (is listed here because was completely remade), \b StswMessageDialog\b0 , \b StswSidePanel\b0 , \b StswZoomControl\b0 , \b StswPager\b0 , \b StswShifter\b0 , \b StswPopup\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New class \b StswDynamicResource \b0 that allows to use dynamic resource in XAML with converter.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extension \b ConvertTo \b0 that converts and returns object to generic type.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New global command that can be invoked on F1 if method named "OpenHelp" have defined value.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New theme: \b Pink\b0 .\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Two main dictionaries (Generic and Theme) are merged into one named \b StswResources\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Extension named \b ToObjectList \b0 has been improved.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow \b0 no longer have sub title functionality and have default height and default width as dependency properties.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid \b0 has default header brushes now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswProgressBar \b0 can use custom Text now and have new state named "Finished".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswLogPanel \b0 now can have closable items if one of its property is set to true.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl \b0 can have minimum value of 1 on click if new property "CanReset" is set to false.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Method named \b ExportToExcel \b0 can receive additional properties as parameter such as including properties without export attribute.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Numeric Stsw converters can receive "CornerRadius" and "Thickness" as value now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls that were using sub-borders use \b StswSeparator \b0 instead of \b Border\b0 . They also use different property to set its thickness: "SeparatorThickness" that is a double instead of "SubBorderThickness" that was Thickness. It is important to notice that new property requires half of previous value.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTabControl \b0 and \b StswTextEditor \b0 both use \b StswShifter \b0 instead of \b StswScrollViewer \b0 (former on tab panel and latter on toolbar).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTextEditor \b0 have new property for changing toolbar content from full to compact (with less options) and even collapsing it.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls in read only state have different background and foreground brushes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All Stsw controls have defined horizontal and vertical alignments in style.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw check controls no longer have different FocusVisualStyle when they have content.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Base classes for Stsw controls have changed from \b UserControl \b0 into either \b Control \b0 or \b ContentControl\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTruncateLabel \b0 uses \b StswPopup \b0 in its template.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Fullscreen binding has been moved from \b StswApp \b0 to \b StswWindow\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSettings \b0 renamed into \b Settings \b0 (is internal anyway).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Some brush properties in Stsw controls have different dynamic resources as default value.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Stsw input controls no longer update their main property on lost focus if property didn't changed (main property is for example "SelectedColor" for StswColorBox).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswTextEditor\b0 's "FilePath" property loads or clears document if its value is changed.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow\b0 's title bar has fixed height of 30, simplier button style and chrome updating and no longer have border under.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswRatingControl\b0 's placeholder calculation works properly on stretched alignment now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton\b0 , \b StswSplitButton\b0 , \b StswComboBox \b0 and \b StswSelectionBox \b0 have default "MaxDropDownHeight".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswFilter \b0 will no longer have top margin if it does not have header.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.1.1\line\b0\fs16 2023-09-18\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 StswSelectionBox \b0 uses new property "SetTextCommand" to set custom method for generating text in box after selection changing.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswFilter \b0 can now hide mode changing button with new property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswApp \b0 have new method called "StswWindow". This method will return current app's main window as StswWindow.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Content dialog is declared properly now for \b StswWindow\b0 . This eliminates XAML binding failure caused by previous version.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSelectionBox \b0 uses scroll viewer from its list box instead of separated scroll viewer - thanks to that scroll viewer works properly and can for example be scrolled with mouse wheel.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswCheckBox \b0 and \b StswRadioBox \b0 have the same default value for padding as other controls by cost of default icon scale (this "cost" is required so they have the same height as other controls like - for example - box controls).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNotifyIcon\b0 's "IconFromPath" method gets resource stream from relative or absolute Uri now instead of absolute.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswIcon \b0 uses "Data" property as content property and \b StswText \b0 uses "Inlines" property as content property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid\b0 's special column no longer can be reordered and resized.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswContentDialog\b0 's "IsOpen" property binds two way by default now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswColorBox\b0 , \b StswDatePicker \b0 and \b StswNumericBox \b0 have bindable Text property again.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDropButton\b0 , \b StswSplitButton \b0 and \b StswComboBox \b0 can now be properly aligned.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Arrow icon in Stsw controls with drop-down list are now aligned to right when control is in stretched alignment mode.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Stsw component controls release space for icon if icon is null.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\fs32 0.1.0\line\b0\fs16 2023-08-19\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\fs20 Info not prepared yet...\par
\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 One year edition\line\b0\fs16 2023-03-01\fs20\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 .NET version increased from 5 to 6.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}All controls and helping classes in library has been renamed and use "Stsw" prefix. Some of them have also completely changed names like \b ExtDatePicker \b0 -> \b StswCalendarPicker\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Many controls have been completely reworked, those with most changes are: \b StswColumnFilter\b0  (original name: ColumnFilter), \b StswHeader\b0  (original name: Header), \b LoadingCircle\b0 , \b StswProgressBar\b0  (original name: ExtProgressBar), \b StswWindow\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Completely new controls: \b ClippingBorder \b0 (to properly render content when CornerRadius is used), \b StswNavigation\b0 , \b StswNavigationButton\b0 , \b StswPasswordBox\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New extension methods: \b AsBytes\b0 , \b ToNullable\b0 , \b ToStswDictionary\b0 , \b TrimEnd\b0  (with string as parameter), \b TrimStart\b0  (with string as parameter), \b TryMultipleTimes\b0  (that tries to execute an action or function multiple times with a specified interval between each try until it succeeds or reaches a maximum number of tries).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New classes: \b StswCollection \b0 (extended version of ObservableCollection - it notifies even if single item's property has changed and can contain info about states of items), \b StswDictionary\b0  (have INotifyProperty implemented and can be binded in a way that creates new key if it did not existed yet), \b StswExport\b0  (for exporting data to Excel file using "ClosedXML" library),\b  StswMC \b0 (meant to store mail configurations and sending mails), \b StswRelayCommand\b0  (have ICommand implemented and is meant to be binded to control command properties), \b StswSimpleModel \b0 (meant to be model for item sources in combo boxes).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New converters: \b conv_Add \b0 (that adds number from parameter to target number), \b conv_Calculate \b0 (that uses DataTable's compute method), \b conv_ColorBrightness\b0 , \b conv_IfElse\b0  (that displays one of two texts based on bool result of comparing), \b conv_NullToUnset\b0 , \b conv_Sum \b0 (that allows to sum field in list of class elements).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Collection (7000+) of vector icons in new \b StswIcons \b0 static class.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDataGrid \b0 has new special column for showing and clearing filters and showing row details.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow \b0 has now fullscreen mode.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}TextBox based controls have placeholder functionality.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New \b AppStart \b0 method meant to be put on application startup. This method sets all starting configuration needed for application to work properly if it is using Stsw controls and some of helpers.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}New project for library testing called \b TestApp\b0 . This version of test app has 3 simple modules: Database, Contractors, LibraryTests.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Changed functionality:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Themes are now based on external library called "DynamicAero2". There are two themes: \b Light \b0 and \b Dark\b0 , with possibility to auto select one of them based on system theme.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Many controls and functions have been adjusted to use them comfortably in MVVM.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Controls are now built on templates in styles in resource dictionaries.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Most of controls have "CornerRadius" property now.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b VM \b0 renamed into \b StswObservableObject\b0 . \b StswObservableObject \b0 have method called "SetProperty" that can be used in simple way in property setters.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswDB\b0  has been improved. Also the way \b StswDB \b0 and \b StswMC \b0 saves info into files is changed to keep every instance in one line.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswLog \b0 now works differently - before it was splitting every 5 MB into new file, now it groups logs per day of creation and makes a new file for each day.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b MultiBox\b0 's functionality\b  \b0 is merged into \b StswComboBox\b0  (when "SelectionMode" property is set to "Multiple").\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Converter \b conv_Contains \b0 no longer works only for IEnumerable. Converter \b conv_Compare \b0 has simplified functionality.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Controls like \b DataGridImage\b0 , \b ExtMenuItem\b0  and \b IconButton \b0 have been removed. Methods like \b AddCharBeforeUpperLetters\b0  have been removed.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Converter \b conv_Size\b0  has been renamed to \b conv_Multiply\b0 . Extension method named \b ToList \b0 has been renamed to \b AsList\b0 . Method extension \b GetVisualChild \b0 renamed to \b FindVisualChild\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}Method \b ConvertTo \b0 made into extension method. Method \b LoadImage \b0 made into extension method named \b AsImage\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b BindingProxy\b0 's "Data" property renamed into "Proxy".\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ColorSetter \b0 renamed to \b ColorPicker\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswNumericBox \b0 accepts changes after pressing Enter key.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow \b0 now uses WindowChrome (that also eliminated some bugs and weird behavior).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswSecurity \b0 class uses different algorithm for encrypting, decrypting and generating salt.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Bugfixes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs20 Not listed since most of controls and helper classes have been reworked and reworks include many bugfixes.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\f1\lang21\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs32\lang1045 Re-edition\line\b0\fs16 2022-03-01\b\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b0\fs24 New controls:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 ColorSetter \b0 - in short a control made from 4 sliders and labels. Each slider represent RGBA color channels.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ColumnFilter \b0 - in short a control that allows user to specify a value used for "where" clause in SQL commands. This control shows different box based on filter type and generates different text based on filter mode.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b DataGridImageColumn \b0 - a DataGrid's template column used for showing an image.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtCheckBox \b0 - same as CheckBox but have different style for dark mode (poor version) and can display different icon depending on "IsError" property.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtComboBox \b0 - same as ComboBox but have different style for dark mode (poor version).\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtDataGrid \b0 - same as DataGrid but have different style for dark mode (poor version) and have additional properties for header brushes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtImage \b0 - same as Image but have additional context menu that allows user to cut, copy, paste, delete, load and save an image.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtMenuItem \b0 - same as MenuItem but have image source property and creates Image as Icon at start.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtProgressBar \b0 - same as ProgressBar but have different style for dark mode (poor version) and can display text on progress bar.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtSeparator \b0 - same as Separator but have different style for dark mode (poor version) and can be displayed either horizontally or vertically.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtTextBox \b0 - same as TextBox. The only reason it exists is vertical content alignment centered by default.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b ExtToggleButton \b0 - same as ToggleButton but have different style for dark mode (poor version) and is specially customized for MultiBox.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Header \b0 - in short a control made from 2 images (one bigger and one smaller) and 2 text blocks.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b IconButton \b0 - in short a button made from image and text block.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b LoadingCircle \b0 - a control that displays rotating circle made from multiple Ellipses.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b MultiBox \b0 - in short a control that allows to select multiple items.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b NumericUpDown \b0 - in short a control made from text box and two repeat buttons allowing user to increase or decrese numeric value binded to box.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b OutlinedTextBlock \b0 - same as TextBlock but contains some properties allowing it to have a stroke.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b StswWindow \b0 - extended window with options to scale interface (poor version) and switch themes between light and dark.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 New helpers:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 BindingProxy \b0 - helper class that allows creating a proxy object for data binding purposes.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Commands \b0 - helper class that contains some routed UI commands including their input gestures.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Converters \b0 - a collection of some converters such as: \b conv_Bool\b0 , \b conv_Color\b0 , \b conv_Compare\b0 , \b conv_Contains\b0 , \b conv_MultiCultureNumber\b0 , \b conv_NotNull\b0 , \b conv_Size\b0 , \b conv_StringToString\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b DB \b0 - helper class that is model for database connection and contains methods for import and export encrypted connection data to file.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Extensions \b0 - a collection of some methods used like extensions such as: \b Between\b0 , \b Capitalize\b0 , \b ConvertTo\b0 , \b In\b0 , \b ToList\b0 , \b GetVisualChild\b0 , \b FindVisualChildren\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Fn \b0 - a collection of some methods such as: \b AppName\b0 , \b AppVersion\b0 , \b AppNameAndVersion\b0 , \b AppCopyright\b0 , \b AppDatabase\b0 , \b AddCharBeforeUpperLetters\b0 , \b LoadImage\b0 , \b OpenContextMenu\b0 , \b OpenFile\b0 , \b GetWindowsThemeColor\b0 , \b GetColumnFilters\b0 , \b ClearColumnFilters\b0 , \b SetTheme\b0 .\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Log \b0 - helper class that allows to create log text entry in specified log file. After reaching a size limit, file is renamed and logs are saved to a new one.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Mail \b0 - helpers class that is model for mailbox connection and contains method for sending mails.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b SQL \b0 - helper class to generate connection strings based on data from DB model class.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Security \b0 - helper class that provides methods for encrypting and decrypting text and for generating salt and hash.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b VM \b0 - helper class implementing INotifyPropertyChanged interface that provides a method for invoking PropertyChanged.\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\fs24 Other:\par

\pard{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf4\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qj\b\fs20 Resources \b0 - a collection of filter icons.\par
{\pntext\f4\'B7\tab}\b Themes \b0 - a collection of styles for some controls to provide them with light and dark theme look (poor version).\par
}
 